Add CAPI getting started guide and AWS provider steps (#540)
canonical/k8s-snap: docs/src/capi/howto/aws-provider.md

# Setting up the AWS Infrastructure provider

The AWS infrastructure provider requires some initial steps to setup.

## Install clusterawsadm

The AWS infrastructure provider requires the `clusterawsadm` tool to be
installed:

```sh
curl -L https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-aws/releases/download/v2.5.2/clusterawsadm-linux-amd64 -o clusterawsadm
chmod +x clusterawsadm
sudo mv clusterawsadm /usr/local/bin
```

> `clusterawsadm` helps you bootstrapping the AWS environment that CAPI will use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`clusterawsadm` helps you bootstrapping the AWS environment that CAPI will use.
```

> and set the necessary permissions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. It will also create the necessary IAM roles for you.
```

> . It will also create the necessary IAM roles for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will also create the necessary IAM roles for you.
```

Start by setting up environment variables defining the AWS account to use, if
these are not already defined:

```sh
export AWS_REGION=<your-region-eg-us-east-1>
export AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=<your-access-key>
export AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=<your-secret-access-key>
```

If you are using multi-factor authentication, you will also need:

```sh
export AWS_SESSION_TOKEN=<session-token>
```

> clusterawsadm` uses these details to create a CloudFormation stack in your AWS

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`clusterawsadm` uses these details to create a CloudFormation stack in your AWS
```

> `clusterawsadm` uses these details to create a CloudFormation stack in your AWS

Reviewer 3: It would be nice to add a link to cloudformation and IAM resources.

account with the correct IAM resources:

```sh
clusterawsadm bootstrap iam create-cloudformation-stack
```

> The credentials should also be encoded and stored as a Kubernetes secret:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The credentials need to be encoded and stored as a Kubernetes secret:
```

```sh
export AWS_B64ENCODED_CREDENTIALS=$(clusterawsadm bootstrap credentials encode-as-profile)
```

You are now all set to deploy the AWS CAPI infrastructure provider.
Visit [getting-started] for next steps.

> 

Author: I thought we want to have the infrastructure provider setup to be separate? If we continue the cluster setup here we would basically copy those steps for all the infraproviders which is also not something we probably want. 

I don't see a problem in doing a getting started -> infra setup -> getting started loop. The infra setup are one time steps so the user doesn't need to get back to it anyways. 

The ideal solution would probably be to dynamically inject the infrastructure steps in the getting-started guide based on the infraprovider that the user selects but I guess this is not possible.

> 

Reviewer: Hmm. We could use tabs for that. It depends how many there are going to be

> 

Author: Around 4-6? (AWS, OpenStack, VSphere, Docker, maybe GCP and Azure)

> 

Reviewer: should be okay - see
https://canonical-ubuntu-documentation-library--540.com.readthedocs.build/canonical-kubernetes/540/capi/tutorial/getting-started/#prepare-the-infrastructure-provider
